# Process
--------------------

![Group Photo](https://bitbucket.org/mcs2/c01summer2019groupproject6/raw/1b4ac7156b50e30d4e4a0a904c7e2d6f80a6d389/docs/phase1/group_photo.JPG =5x5)

Our group was created in-lecture during the first and second weeks of the course. In that same time, we exchanged numbers and set up a group chat on WhatsApp.

1. _[Summary](./summary.md)_ : Jiaxin Tan
2. _[Competition](./competition.md)_ : Li-Ting Chiu, Fanqi Xu
3. _[Personas](./C01_personas.pdf)_ : Li-Ting Chiu (Donna Valens and Jack Fung), Saskia Tjioe (Jeff Donnie)
4. _[User Stories](./user_stories.md)_ : Li-Ting Chiu, Saskia Tjioe
5. _[UI/UX Mockups](./C01_UI.pdf)_ : Fanqi Xu and Kin He, using Balsamiq mockup tool
6. _[Process](./process.md)_ : Saskia Tjioe, Li-Ting Chiu, Fanqi Xu, Jiaxin Tan, and Kin He

All members used WhatsApp to maintain contact when meeting in person was not possible. Contributions could be made in person through suggestions or directly by changing the document they wanted to change, normally with the approval of all other members of the team.

In person meetings took place every Monday at IC406. The meeting lasted 1 hour from 6-7. A second meeting takes place depending on work left over; should this be required, it will be held Fridays in BV473 from 1-3. Due to all members having conflicting schedules, this second meeting date is subject to change. Between meetings, members occasionally communicated over WhatsApp, and members contributing to the same files met in person outside of team meetings to work on their assigned work together.

For the first phase, all files, including markdown (.md) files were added to Google Drive in a shared folder for collaboration purposes so that people could contribute while some members continued to learn version control using Git. For all subsequent phases Bitbucket and Git version control will be used.

For branching, all members are to name their branches in lower-case lettering, such as “branch” and not “Branch”, or as “password_validator” if multiple words involved. The branch will be named after the functionality being worked on. If the purpose of the branch is is a bug fix, the branch will be named after the jira ticket number. As is the policy in this course, all merging will be recursive.

Whenever a change was made to a file, all other members review the changes and make edits wherever necessary. All mockups were created using Balsamiq, which can create high-fidelity prototypes of the final look of the project.

User stories were prioritized according to what was required as the basic, core functionalities of the project. In this case, any user stories that involve searching for answers by directly asking the chatbot are considered to be high priority. These decisions were made in person and often finalized through consensus, which is when everyone agrees that the decision is a good one.

The primary goal was to get everything done by the last Sunday before the deadline, which was June 02, 2019. Unfortunately, it was revealed that there was more to be done than first thought. We realized that the user stories were not as effective as first thought. Also, the prototypes, competition.md, and process.md were not ready. Also, it is not easy to meet or work on the workloads assigned because all members are taking full course loads this Summer, taking away time that could be dedicated to the project. Another thing that went wrong in this phase was the constant changing of meeting locations, mostly due to different location preferences.

Based on these experiences, we need to acquire better time management skills to make the necessary time to work on our assigned work. Also, more firm decision-making is required when setting up meetings, with a chosen location that all members fully agree to. Also, we may consider using a team meeting agenda to stay on task in the meetings and not get distracted.
